hey everyone filson of its here with
another new tweet from Cydia this one is
called grid tab for safarian you could
find it for a dollar in fifty cents
under the bigboss repo now this is one
of those tweaks that just seems like it
should be free it doesn't really
anything except for changes a little bit
of your visual adjustment on your
idevice and if you go under your tabs
page in mobile safari as you can see
they are now in a two by two grid
instead of having a single page show up
where you could swipe to the left and
right one at a time so you can see all
of the pages that you currently have
open in your Safari which is really
helpful if you just want to navigate to
one of those pages really quick you can
just go ahead and tap to one of those go
ahead and tap to one of those and you
just have four choices instead of having
only one at a time but you can also go
into the settings and change it to a
three-by-three grid so we can go back go
into Safari nothing changes yet until we
hit done and then go back into the tabs
page and now we have all of our pages
right there we don't have any different
pages we don't have to swipe or anything
we can choose all of our tabs right from
this screen we can also see them see the
screenshot of the page know where we're
going so I guess it helps a little bit
but it just doesn't seem like something
that's worth a dollar and fifty cents I
mean there's a lot of crap apps out
there that are 99 cents that you guys
have probably accidentally bought so if
you guys want this it's only fifty cents
more then that crappy app that you
bought previously so if you guys want to
take a chance with this it's called grid
tab for Safari nothing too big just a
simple visual tweak for your mobile
safari browser check it out guys it's
under the bigboss repo once again a
dollar in fifty cents head tab before
Safari and as always please be sure to
leave any comments questions suggestions
anything like that below please be sure
to give a thumbs up favorite the video
right there at the bottom left hand
corner and please subscribe at the top
also if you like the videos please be
sure to follow me on Twitter like on
facebook
add me to your google plus circles it
just takes a second and you're done
thank you all for watching and being
awesome viewers more iphone 4s cydia
tweaks all of that iOS news coming up
soon so please be sure to stay tuned
stay subscribed and keep watching I will
see you all in the next one